You lunatic ordered so much food
Did you know that eating Overlord Meal is going to jail?
Dude, I don't have that kind of money
It's okay, I'll do it for you.
I'm not feeling too well.
Can we skip this meal?
Ok, I'll take you back
I'm not feeling well either.
I'll go first
Sir?
Our rule is to pay first and then serve.
Eighty-eight million
Someone just ran away
He didn't pay
You, you, you ask him for me, I have no money
Sir, he has already paid.
The courier has paid for the courier.
He is our guest of honor
8 million is a small amount for him
Everyone, please take your time.
Get in the car and I'll take you back
No need, Nan Nan, you are a company director and quite busy.
If there is a road pin, I will not invite you.
Bu Sao
Don't get involved with the gang in the future
It's okay, I'm not afraid.
I'm afraid of my pawn shop
It became like this because it offended the manpower.
Do you still have the previous transaction records of your pawn shop?
Yes.
Have you seen a royal skilled like this before?
Who did you see send it over to get his dad for me?